WIP: this pull request is here to track the progress and allow for review (#5)
boiding/book: src/background/alignment.md

# Alignment
![Try to fly in the same average heading of your cohort](../image/alignment.gif)

> Aligning yourself in the average heading of your cohort is an other motivation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aligning yourself in the average heading of your cohort is another motivation.
```
